SDK-2144. [Upgrader] Check if GitLab CE and EE are supported in upgrader (#1758)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scu/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-gitlab-managed-project.md

![Spryker CI GitLab](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/paas%2B/dev/onboard-to-spryker-code-upgrader/connect-spryker-code-upgrader-to-a-gitlab-managed-project.md/spryker_ci_gitlab.png)

> 7. For **GROUP**, select the GitLab group of the repository you want to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. For **GROUP**, select the GitLab group that has access to the repository you want to connect.
```
